= Tracker Custom Points

== Quick Start
    cp config.yml.example config.yml
    vi config.yml
    ruby ./tracker_custom_points.rb

== Custom Point Values for Pivotal Tracker

  Pivotal Tracker has three options when it comes to 
  point values: Powers of Two, Fibonacci and Linear.

  I wanted to be able to use the Planning Poker cards
  and use ?, 0, 1/2, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 20, 40, 100
  and infinity as point values.

== Mapping Planning Poker to Pivotal Tracker

  This script has a mapping table that maps Tracker's 
  point values to the planning poker values and vice-versa.

  Default Point Mapping:
    Poker Points          Pivotal Tracker Points
    ===============       ===============================
    0, 1/2                0 
    1, 2                  1 
    3, 5                  2 
    8, 13                 3 
    20, 40                5 
    100                   8 

  If you want to modify these mappings, edit mappings.yml.

== How this script works
  
  This script will look through your Pivotal Tracker Project(s)
  and for each unfinished story, it will set the estimate in 
  Pivotal Tracker.  

  In your pivotal tracker subject line, add the Planning Poker
  point estimate.  

  Change

    Implement Login Page

  to
  
    (5) Implement Login Page

  This script will then change the point estimate on that story
  according to your mappings.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jason Noble. See LICENSE for details.
